- [Instructor] In order to be successful
in this course,
there are a few things you need to know
before proceeding with the material
as well as a few tools you will need
on your machine.
While you can use Spring
with several JVM languages,
we will be focusing on using the Java language.
For this course,
I will be using the latest long-term support
version for the Java language itself
that is supported by Spring,
and that is Java 17.
Well, we won't use any of the newer features
of the language.
You should have a good understanding
of Java in general
so that you're not struggling with the code
as we're writing it,
you will need to have a JDK installed
on your machine.
Again, I will be use the standard
Oracle JDK version 17.
Any valid and supported JDK will work
for this course including OpenJDK for instance,
this is a course based on the Spring framework.
So there is an expectation
of knowledge of Spring.
If you are new to Spring,
stop this course,
and go through my learning Spring
with Spring boot course at a minimum.
As I just said,
a base understanding of Spring is important.
We are going to focus
on the security framework not Spring itself.
We'll be leveraging Spring Boot
as our framework for running our applications.
As such,
you will need a base knowledge of Spring Boot,
and how it works.
Once again, my course learning Spring
with Spring boot is a great starting point
if you need it.
Spring security is primarily designed
for Spring Web.
You should understand how Spring Web works,
especially in Spring Boot,
and we'll be working with timely templates
a bit in this course.
As such, some basic knowledge would be good.
Once again, I talk about this in my course
learning Spring with Spring Boot,
and that should help you with the basic
knowledge you need.
There are a few more pieces of software
that you will need to have on your computer.
for this course.
We will be using Maven
as our dependency manage system.
Spring supports it or Gradle.
But for this course, I will be using Mavin.
Now, if you prefer to use Gradle,
it will work
but you will need to adjust
as you go with the dependency sections.
You will need a command line tool
to call web URLs and execute requests.
Now, I'll be using a tool called HTTPie
but cURL should work equally well.
You will just need to use the appropriate options
as I won't show those.
Again, I'm using a different tool.
We're going to be using a web browser more
than the terminal itself to execute web requests.
So you need to have a web browser up and running,
and get one that support
private motor incognito mode or guest mode,
because we're going to have sessions
flying all over the place,
and need to switch them out regularly.
You also need to have an IDE.
While you can write Java in a text editor,
IDEs make it infinitely easier to do your work.
Now I use intelligent ultimate from JetBrains.
I do that because these are the tools
that I use every single day.
You do not need to match my IDE.
There's no reason to do so.
If you use intelligent already,
great continue to use it.
If the Eclipse, use that.
What matters most with an IDE
is that you are comfortable with it,
and know how to use it
especially for the Java language.
Most modern IDEs have plugins for Spring,
and they become very valuable tools
when working with the Spring framework.
Now I'm also going to be using Docker
for one part of this course
Now, it's not a requirement
that you run Docker and you can do
all of the work just by using
standard Java commands.
I use Docker because I find it easier
for portability between my machines
as well as when I'm instructing courses.
Do as you wish when it comes to that,
and I'll call that out.
But again, I'm running Docker,
and that's how I'm going to execute these commands.